http://ifonlysingaporeans.blogspot.sg/2014/11/smart-nation-launch.html

what is smart nation?
Smart Nation is Singapore's national effort to co-create a future of better
living for all through tech-enabled solutions. It aims to rally the collective
efforts of people, businesses and government to work together to support better 
living, create more opportunities, and support stronger communities by harnessing 
info-comm technologies, networks and big data. Through strategic deployment of 
technology across the nation, leveraging on investments in digital infrastructure, 
a tech savvy population and a single layer government that can work quickly to 
coordinate policies and synergise efforts, the Smart Nation initiative strives 
to develop people-centric solutions to address global urban challenges.

benefit of smart nation to 13-35 years old:
The need for Singapore to be a "smart nation", using the latest technology 
to benefit the country, is about making life better for the people and more.
Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong also envisions it helping the nation to keep 
abreast of leading cities such as Shanghai, San Francisco and Sydney.
Bringing the current piecemeal uses of technology into a cohesive, nationwide 
whole will make our economy more productive, our lives better, and our society 
more responsive to people's needs and aspirations

why embrace smart nation:
Advances in digital technology have opened up new possibilities to enhance the
way we live, work, play, and interact. Singapore strives to become a Smart Nation 
to support better living, stronger communities, and create more opportunities, for all.
And “smartness” is not a measure of how advanced or complex the technology being adopted 
is, but how well a society uses technology to solve its problems and address existential 
challenges. Citizens are ultimately at the heart of our Smart Nation vision, not technology!


benefit it holds for them 

possible things that may happen in the future:
Since then, several new initiatives including self-driving vehicles, satellite-linked 
devices for dynamic road tolls and public car park charging and pneumatic waste conveyance 
system for HDB flats have been announced.

One major initiative will be to let people access maps and build up geospatial databases by 
contributing information such as animal sightings, traffic incidents or the best mee pok 
eateries.

Mr Lee also used an improved app for planning bus journeys, to demonstrate how technology 
can make life more convenient. "If we can automate the things that are routine, then we can 
concentrate on the things that really matter."

Mr Lee is confident Singapore can become a smart nation, as most people own smartphones and 
have broadband access.

He also promised to beef up security measures, to make sure sensitive information like 
medical data is not stolen, and to protect against hacker attacks.

It also aims to groom the next generation of technology experts by encouraging students to 
learn to code and by reviewing the career paths of its engineers.

SINGAPORE schools should equip students with the skills to create the technology of the future, 
Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong said yesterday.

These include not just abilities like computer programming, but also a "fail fast, learn 
quickly" mindset, he added.

Fleshing out the social and cultural aspects of how Singapore can become a technology-enhanced 
"smart nation", Mr Lee noted that this transformation requires the right education as well 
as a "can-do spirit of experimenting and risk-taking"

He noted how lively the start-up scene here is, with more young people writing apps and 
building high-tech products, and an increasing number of top students choosing to study 
computer science and information systems.

Talented students should also be able to pursue their tech interests through various paths, 
whether by forming a start-up, joining a tech company or working with the Government to make
Singapore a smart nation, he said.

"Even if you don't use programming in your everyday work, if you can write a simple program 
to automate tasks or organise information, that's useful in a lot of ways," said Mr Tan Sian
Yue, 40, founder of home-grown game developer Ratloop Asia.

Someday Singaporeans could control their appliances from their phones, switching them off 
and on remotely, they could also call for a self-driving car, and use a watch to pay for 
items.

Mr Lee said Singapore has to take full advantage of the use of technology and deploy it not 
in a piecemeal fashion, but to integrate all technologies in a systematic and comprehensive 
manner to make people’s lives better and its economy more productive.

The country has already started on this Smart Nation journey, with e-Government services in 
place and a lively start-up scene as well as tech-savvy people, but the country needs to 
build on these elements and drive this as a national effort, he noted.

Mr Lee said the Government will lay a foundation by building infrastructure and facilitating 
innovation for everyone to contribute, and urged enterprises to provide innovative products 
as well as for citizens to chip in by participating and providing data.

Dr Balakrishnan also listed some necessary “pre-requisite skills” Singaporeans need for the 
digital age: An aesthetic sense of beauty and design, the ability to build, and the ability 
to communicate effectively.

“What are the physical and technical pre-requisites? We certainly need world-leading digital 
infrastructure. Also, we need security, privacy and protection of identity, as the volume of 
online transactions and data increases. Our systems must be secure by design, not a reactive
afterthought; and we all as individuals will need to be aware of the risks and know how best
to protect ourselves,” he said.

IMAGINE commuter transport synchronised to your personal needs, roads of driverless cars, 
robot-run restaurants, and even sensors that alert public officers that someone is smoking 
where they should not.

This could be the scenario of a Singapore running even more efficiently than ever, in a 
vision for a Smart Nation spelt out on Monday by Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong. It involves 
individuals, government and businesses alike working in concert via the nationwide, 
integrated use of data analytics, sensor networks, information communication and phone apps.

This is why building a smart nation "should not be just about adopting new and 'cool' 
technologies", but about meeting the unique needs of people, says IBM's public-sector 
business development manager Khoo Peng Han. "Like a good highway, the value of connectivity 
to a smart nation is not about the speed that can be achieved, but the destinations it 
serves and the services along its path that benefit its users," he says.

For example, there could be boards with text that can be updated, or speakers that can play 
a message in different languages, at void decks.